Add A-B lettered article stubs from glossary (#3488)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Glossary/BeatmapID/en.md

---
tags:
  - links
---

# Beatmap ID

*See also: [BeatmapSetID](/wiki/Glossary/BeatmapSetID)*

> A *beatmapID* is a unique, incrementing number given to all uploaded difficulties of a [beatmapset](/wiki/Beatmaps/Beatmapsets). This number is shown on a beatmapset's beatmap listing page on the website. The beatmapSetID can be found in the url of a beatmapset on osu! web as the second set of numbers, or in the `.osu` difficulty file. Beatmaps will only be assigned a beatmapID once they've been submitted with the Beatmap Submission System.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A **beatmap ID** is a unique, incrementing number given to all uploaded difficulties of a [beatmapset](/wiki/Beatmaps/Beatmapsets). This number is shown on a beatmapset's [beatmap listing page](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets) on the website. The beatmapSetID can be found in the url of a beatmapset on the osu! website as the second set of numbers, or in the `.osu` difficulty file. Beatmaps will only be assigned a beatmap ID once they've been submitted with the Beatmap Submission System
```
> The beatmapSetID can be found in the url of a beatmapset on the osu! website as the second set of numbers[...]

I would love to have an image of a beatmap's URL with a highlight over those mentioned numbers under this line. we could add a "(shown below)" after this sentence.

> All unsubmitted beatmaps will have a beatmapID of `0`.

Reviewer: This should be a note or notice and be placed above line 10

---
tags:

>   - ID

Reviewer 2: not needed

>   - b links

Reviewer 2: idk if anyone would type this out

>   - beatmap id

Reviewer 2: not needed

---

> # BeatmapID

Reviewer 2: probably 2 words, Beatmap ID
